Direct sample cleanup (#804)
microsoft/reverse-proxy: docs/docfx/articles/direct-proxying.md

## Example

> See [ReverseProxy.Direct.Sample](https://github.com/microsoft/reverse-proxy/tree/main/samples/ReverseProxy.Direct.Sample) as a pre-built sample, or use the steps below.

Reviewer: This should link to the release/docs branch so the sample and doc stay in sync.
```suggestion
See [ReverseProxy.Direct.Sample](https://github.com/microsoft/reverse-proxy/tree/release/docs/samples/ReverseProxy.Direct.Sample) as a pre-built sample, or use the steps below.
```
